Hi, my name is Casey
and I'm part of
the Google Cloud Enterprise
Security sales team.
First of all, the biggest piece
of advice I can give is: do it.
I want you to be here.
We need all the people.
It's a non-stop,
ever-changing world
in cybersecurity,
which is why it's such
a fun place to be.
We need more diversity
in security.
We need everybody participating.
We need people with
diversity of thought,
diversity of backgrounds,
diversity of perspectives.
I think some of the most
important soft skills in
cybersecurity are, number 1,
being able to clearly
summarize what you're trying
to say, massively important.
One of the other
soft skills that I
think could even be more
important than
clear communication
is working with an open mindset.
The threat landscape is
continuously changing.
The threat actors,
the bad actors,
they never sleep,
and so neither can we.
One of the things that
makes cybersecurity so fun,
in my opinion, is because
it changes constantly.
And if we have a fixed
mindset going in,
and what I mean by
a fixed mindset is,
I think I know the
answer to this,
I think I understand
exactly what's going on,
we are absolutely going
to miss the boat.
We need to be able to
always stay curious.
And from a cybersecurity
point of view,
it's very important to
leave no stone unturned.
One of the best things about
soft skills is that we all have
them and we're already using
them every single day.
So every one of you that's watching
this already has a head
start in cybersecurity.